Assalamu alaikum
Hi
Hi.
Hello!
Hey there.
How are you?
What is your name?
What is the capital of Bangladesh?
Who is the leader of group 1?
Who are the members of group 1?
Can you help me?
I want to know the location of CUST?
What is your location?
Where is the office room?
Thank you.
Thank you
Thanks.
Thanks
What is your country name?
What is the name of your country?
Where are you from?
What is your nationality?
What is your age?
What are you doing?
What is the value of pi?
What is the name of present pandemic disease?
What is the name of current pandemic disease?
how does corona virus spread?
how does corona spread?
how does covid-19 spread?
How does covid 19 spread?
What is the recovery time for the coronavirus disease?
What is the recovery time for the coronavirus disease?
What is the recovery time for the covid-19 disease?
What is the recovery time for the covid 19 disease?
Can animals be infected with SARS-CoV-2?
Can animals be infected with corona?
Can animals be infected with corona virus?
Can animals be infected with covid 19?
Can animals be infected with covid-19?
Can the corona virus disease spread through food?
Can the corona disease spread through food?
Can the covid-19 disease spread through food?
Can the covid 19 disease spread through food?
Are masks effective against the corona virus disease?
Are masks effective against the corona disease?
Are masks effective against the covic-19 disease?
Are masks effective against the covid 19 disease?
Is the corona disease more severe than the flu?
Is the corona disease more harmful than the flu?
Is the corona virus disease more severe than the flu?
Is the corona virus disease more harmful than the flu?
Is the covid-19 disease more severe than the flu?
Is the covid-19 disease more harmful than the flu?
Is the covid 19 disease more severe than the flu?
Is the covid 19 disease more harmful than the flu?
Can people recover from coronavirus disease?
Can people recover from corona disease?
Can people recover from covid-19 disease?
Can people recover from covid 19 disease?
Total Railways in Bangladesh?
Total Water ways in Bangladesh?
Total railways in Bangladesh?
Total water ways in Bangladesh?
Total sea-port In Bangladesh?
Total Sea-Port In Bangladesh?
Total Upazila in Bangladesh?
Total District in Bangladesh?
Total Poliche Station in Bangladesh?
Total Village in Bangladesh?
One American dollar in Bangladeshi Taka?
American dollar in Bangladeshi Taka?
One American to Bangladeshi Taka?
One usd to bdt?
The number of Ministry in Bangladesh?
The Ministry in Bangladesh?
Who became Prime Minister of Bangladesh in 2001?
Who is the Prime Minister of Bangladesh now?
What does Bangladesh's flag look like?
What year did Bangladesh finally become independent and gain the name it has today?
What is the national flower of Bangladesh?
What is the national language of Bangladesh?
What is the currency of Bangladesh?
What does Bangladesh mean?
What is Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, known as?
Dhaka known as?
In mid-July, what would the weather most likely be in Bangladesh?
What is the main weather of Bangladesh?
Which river it is situated beside Dhaka?
Which river is beside of Dhaka?
Which university of Bangladesh is known as The Oxford of the East?
Which university known as The Oxford of the East?
What is the only river that originates and ends in Bangladesh?
What is the only river that ends in Bangladesh?
What is the only river that originates in Bangladesh?
Which sea is located to south of Bangladesh?
One of the longest beaches in the world?
What are the colours of the flag of Bangladesh?
Bangladeshi flags colours are?
There are two sea ports in Bangladesh are?
What's are the port of Bangladesh?
Which of these fruits is native to Bangladesh?
One place in Bangladesh became a World Heritage site in 1997.What was it called?
World Heritage was called?
On which continent is Bangladesh located?
What is the main religion practiced in Bangladesh?
Main religion of Bangladesh?
Which two countries ruled Bangladesh in the second half of the 20th century?
What does Bangladesh's flag look like?
How many moral philosophies of the state are?
When was Bangalee Nationalism converted into Bangladeshi Nationalism?
When Bangladesh get Nationalism?
When Bangladeshi people's get Nationalism?
How many votes are required to amend the constitution?
What is the Higher Court of Bangladesh?
When “Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim” was inserted in Constitution?
How many divisions of Supreme Court has & what?
When “Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim” was inserted in Bangladesh Constitution?
On the basis of which Article of constitution the President gives appointment of minister & State Minister?
Some parts of which amendment of constitution has been declared defunct by High Court?
What are the characteristics of the temporary constitution of Bangladesh?
Who has given the announcement of the temporary constitution of Bangladesh?
When has the temporary constitution been announced?
When was the constitution granted?
When was the fifth amendment granted?
How many members were on the committee of the constitution?
What is the subject matter of 13th amendment?
In which assembly of parliament was the questing of constitution raised?
When was the first session of Parliament of council started?
What is the bangle meaning of Impeachment?
How many times was the constitution amended?
When was the Parliament Democracy started?
What is constitution?
What sort of constitution is one of the Bangladesh?
Is Bangladesh constitution easily changeable or difficult to change?
When was Bangladesh constitution submitted in council?
When was Bangladesh constitution was ratified?
When Bangladesh constitution was was enacted?
Who was the chief of Bangladesh constitution makeup committee?
Who was the only woman member of opposition party of constitution makeup committee?
Who was the member of opposition party of constitution makeup committee?
What is the Constitutional name of Bangladesh?
Why was the 7th amendment granted?
How many divisions of the constitution are there?
How many statements of constitution have been delated?
Under which amendment of law, second was dismissed?
According to constitution what should be minimum age of president?
What should be the minimum age to be a minister?
Which article of the constitution has been taken out by the correcton?
In which article we get the law of appointment of ombudsman?
To whom the constitution has given the responsibility about the fulfillment of basic rights of people?
When can a person give vote according to the constitution?
What is total land area of Bangladesh?
What are the neighboring countries of Bangladesh?
Boundary countries of Bangladesh?
Total Boundary of Bangladesh?
Boundary of Bangladesh Myanmar?
What is the Political sea-area of Bangladesh?
What is the total river area of Bangladesh?
Economical Sea- area is in Bangladesh?
Economical Sea area of Bangladesh?
What is the length of Cox’s Sea- shore?
When the National Flag of Bangladesh first raised?
Where the national Flag first raised?
Who first raised the national Flag?
When and where did Shekh Mujib First raise the National Flag?
When did Shekh Mujib First raise the National Flag?
Where did Shekh Mujib First raise the National Flag?
Who did the first raise the National Flag?
Outside Bangladesh where was the National Flag first raised?
What is the colure of the National Flag of Bangladesh?
Who is the designer of the Flag?
What is the measure of Flag?
What is the day of raising the National flag?
When the national flag is raised?
The national flag of Bangladesh is similar to?
Male and Female Ratio in Bangladesh?
Population growth Rate in Bangladesh?
Total Population of Dhaka Division is?
How many population are there in Bangladesh?
Admission rate in Primary in Bangladesh?
Total Primary school in Bangladesh?
Crude Birth Rate in Bangladesh?
Crude Mortality Rate in Bangladesh?
Mortality Rate of Children in Bangladesh?
Mortality Rate of Female while giving birth a child in Bangladesh?
Expected average life in Bangladesh?
One Registered Doctor is for people's in Bangladesh?
How many peoples available for one doctor?
One nurse is for people's in Bangladesh?
How many peoples available for one nurse?
Numbers of hospital in Bangladesh?
How many hospital available in Bangladesh?
How many hospital are there in Bangladesh?
Government medical college in Bangladesh?
Public medical college in Bangladesh?
How many government medical college in Bangladesh?
How many public medical college in Bangladesh?
Non-government dental college in Bangladesh?
How many non-government dental college in Bangladesh?
How many non-government dental college are there in Bangladesh?
Total doctors in Bangladesh?
How many doctors in Bangladesh?
How many doctors are there in Bangladesh?
How many doctors are available in Bangladesh?
Total nurses in Bangladesh?
How many nurses in Bangladesh?
How many nurses are there in Bangladesh?
How many nurses are available in Bangladesh?
Users to sanitary latrine in Bangladesh?
Total sanitary latrine in Bangladesh?
How many sanitary latrine in Bangladesh?
How many sanitary latrine are there in Bangladesh?
How many sanitary latrine are available in Bangladesh?
Drinker to pure water in Bangladesh?
How much drinker to pure water in Bangladesh?
How much currency received from sojourner in Bangladesh?
How much currency received from sojourner in Bangladesh?
Total food crops in Bangladesh?
How many food crops in Bangladesh?
How many food crops are there in Bangladesh?
How many food crops are available in Bangladesh?
Inflation rate in Bangladesh?
Total Inflation rate in Bangladesh?
How many Inflation rate in Bangladesh?
How many Inflation rate are there in Bangladesh?
How many Inflation rate are available in Bangladesh?
Exported earnings from garments in Bangladesh?
How much exported earnings from garments in Bangladesh?
Producing electricity based on gas in Bangladesh?
How much producing electricity based on gas in Bangladesh?
Demand for electricity in industrial sector in Bangladesh?
How much demand for electricity in industrial sector in Bangladesh?
What is the national anthem of Bangladesh?
Our battle Song belongs to the poetry book?
Who is the composer of battle song?
When was this first published chal chal chal?
How many lines are set with musical instrument on any occasion?
Who set this song to music chal chal chal?
Which Paper published the National song?
What was its first name?
Which one is our National anthem?
Which song is our National anthem?
How many lines are in our National anthem?
When our Natinal anthem was first published?
Our National Anthem was first published in?
Our National Anthem was first published in which newspaper?
How many lines of our National anthem are played with musical instrument?
What is the last line of our National anthem?
Which event is the background of our national song?
Total Tribe in Bangladesh?
How many Tribe in Bangladesh?
How many Tribe are there in Bangladesh?
Per capita incame in Bangladesh?
Per head incame in Bangladesh?
Per people incame in Bangladesh?
How much income for per head in Bangladesh?
Weather in Bangladesh?
Weather of Bangladesh?
What is the weather of Bangladesh?
What is the weather of Bangladesh?
Minimum temperature in Bangladesh?
Maximum temperature in Bangladesh?
Only coral island in Bangladesh?
What is the main coral island in Bangladesh?
Density of Pop in Bangladesh?
Main Rivers of Bangladesh?
Satellite station in Bangladesh?
How many satellite station are available in Bangladesh?
How many satellite station are there in Bangladesh?
How many weather office in Bangladesh?
What is the EPZ in Bangladesh?
What is the first private EPZ in Bangladesh?
How many television centers in Bangladesh?
The northernmost district in Bangladesh?
The southernmost district in Bangladesh?
The easternmost place in Bangladesh?
The Southernmost Thana in Bangladesh?
The Easternmost District in Bangladesh?
The Northernmost Thana in Bangladesh?
The Easternmost Thana in Bangladesh?
Thickly populated District in Bangladesh?
Most populated District in Bangladesh?
Less populated District in Bangladesh?
Digest Area in Bangladesh?
Total Boundary of the Country in Bangladesh?
Land Boundary in Bangladesh?
Water Boundary in Bangladesh?
Boundary with India in Bangladesh?
Boundary with Myanmar in Bangladesh?
The area of Dhaka district in Bangladesh?
The area of Dhaka Metropolitan City in Bangladesh?
Total words in Dhaka City in Bangladesh?
The area of Dhaka?
Average annual rainfall in Bangladesh?
Average rainfall in the rain season in Bangladesh?
Official name of Bangladesh?
Capital of Bangladesh?
Government system in Bangladesh?
Main language in Bangladesh?
State language in Bangladesh?
Second language in Bangladesh?
State religion in Bangladesh?
Total musilms in Bangladesh?
Total hindu in Bangladesh?
Total buddhist in Bangladesh?
Total christen in Bangladesh?
Others religion peoples in Bangladesh?
Total area in Bangladesh?
Geographical location of Bangladesh?
What is the latitude of Bangladesh?
What is the longitude of Bangladesh?
Local time of Bangladesh?
What is the time of Bangladesh?
Which geographical line is crossed over Bangladesh?
What is the old name of Bangladesh?
What is the previous name of Bangladesh?
What is the old name of Bd?
what is the previous name of Bd?
Old name of Bangladesh?
Old name of Bd?
Previous name of Bangladesh?Previous name of Bd?
When Bangladesh was declared?
When Bd was declared?
When Bangladesh declared?
When Bd declared?
Bangladesh declared at?
Bd declared at?
When Bangladesh declared?
When Bd declared?
When Bangladesh was became independent?
When did Bangladesh become independent?
What is the victory day of Bangladesh?
What is the victory day of Bd?
When Bd became independent?
When Bangladesh became independent?
Where Bangladesh located?
Where Bd located?
What is the location of Bangladesh?
What is the location of Bd?
Bangladesh located in which asia?
Bd located in which asia?
Bangladesh main location of the world?
Bd main location of the world?
How much people live in Bangladesh?
How much people live in Bd?
Population of bangladesh?
Population of Bd?
Population of Bangladesh is?
Population of Bd is?
How many people's lives in Bangladesh?
How many people's lives in Bd?
How much people's lives in Bd?
How much people's lives in Bangladesh?
Rank of Bd?
Rank of Bangladesh?
What is rank of Bangladesh?
What is the rank of Bd?
Global rank of Bangladesh?
Global rank of Bd?
What is the global rank of Bangladesh?
What is the global rank of Bd?
What is the area of Bangladesh?
What is the area of Bd?
Area of Bangladesh?
Area of Bd?
Total area of Bangladesh?
Total area of Bd?
How much area of Bangladesh?
How much area of Bd?
Bangladesh total area is?
Bd total area is?
Bangladesh total area in miles?
Bd total area in miles?
Total area of Bangladesh in miles?
Total area of Bd in miles?
Area of Bd in miles?
Area of Bangladesh in miles?
What is the capital city of Bangladesh?
What is the capital city of Bd?
What is the largest city of Bangladesh?
What is the largest city of Bd?
The capital city of Bangladesh is?
The capital city of Bd is?
The largest city of Bangladesh is?
The largest city of Bd is?
What is the capital of Bangladesh?
What is the capital of Bd?
Capital of Bangladesh?
Capital of Bd?
The capital of Bangladesh?
The capital of Bd?
Rivers of Bangladesh?
Rivers of Bd?
How many rivers available in Bangladesh?
How many rivers available in Bd?
Total rivers of Bangladesh?
Total rivers of Bd?
Rivers of Bangladesh?
Rivers of Bd?
How many rivers are there in Bangladesh?
How many rivers are there in Bd?
Who is your computer teacher?
Who is your computer lecturer?
What is the name of your computer teacher?